yeah what's up YouTube to make a video
and show you how to get the HTC hero
android unlock screen and show you that
the iphone really does have the little
emotion things y'all might just know
this but I just wanna make a video
anyway so this little HTC hero android
unlocked thingy password
mala it's pretty cool first I will show
you how to get the little emotion
thingies I should go to settings and
this is a little difficult trying to
work it here so bear with me go down it
general go down on the keyboard then go
down to international keyboards then you
go to scroll down to Japanese and that
right there the don't know if you can
see that because a little blurry on my
screen but the ironic Satan Japanese
emotion emo hi well something like that
it's going to be right there and you
just click on and go you're sitting
you're mean not just sitting sheriff SMS
text message whatever go down here just
a little globe and there you go little
smiley face and stuff yes my iphone is
jailbroken for you to get the Android
unlock things you go over to useful to
have a jailbroken iphone you go to rock
I where I went to rock so do that let it
load and do all this little magical
stuff whatever did it did some time
today include
yeah okay like if you're using now to
look at the video now you just go to
what's hot and it should all the cool
little bluetooth thingy i download it i
don't know if it works like I downloaded
it should be like the second one I don't
know if you can see it because it's
clear it's blurry I mean it's a little
cheap camera android lock click on it no
I did not want to understand it is right
there you want to find it manually
engines go to search
and type it in
so I'm try to abbreviate it and see what
it brings up work the search
scroll down to you see do you find
anything A&E
and there it goes android android lock
just click on it get two little options
on stall update and reinstall and this
validates i know this is a boring video
I'm going bored myself I'm going to do
and that's it do all the little
thingamajig comment rate subscribe
whatever alright see you